# I18n

The app has two languages:
* **UI language**
* **Content language**

As a rule of thumb: Everything that is import during counselling should be content language, everything else UI language

## UI language

The UI language is always the primary system language and cannot be changed.

All UI elements are using the UI language and the corresponding layout direction, i.e. LTR or RTL.
UI elements are:
* Header
* Navigation tiles
* Settings
* Errors
* Notifications, popups and dialogs
* Feedback
* Search
* Language change
* Landing page

## Content language

The content language is changeable in the app and is set to the UI language at the first app start.

All content elements are using the content language and the corresponding layout direction, i.e. LTR or RTL.
Content elements are all elements that are NOT UI elements, especially
* Webview content
* Categories, Events, Offers tiles and lists
* LastUpdate


## Use of locales.json for i18n

The locales for the frontend are kept in in a shared and separate repository: [integreat-locales](https://github.com/Integreat/integreat-locales)

Whenever you want to change the locales you have to create a commit in [integreat-locales](https://github.com/Integreat/integreat-locales) which describes just the changes to the locales. An example commit message is "NATIVE-1337: Add locales for the best component in the world" or "WEBAPP-1338: Add locales for the funkiest component in the world".
As the locales are included as a submodule. This means after commiting and pushing your changes in the submodule you need to update the reference to the latest commit of integreat-locales in repositories like integreat-webapp or integreat-react-native-app. A sample commit message for this is "NATIVE-1337: Use new locales for the best component in the world".
